SDK-4844 / more thorough unity android gradle docs (#7237)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/unity/sdk_integration/android.md

## Step 4: Add gradle dependencies {#unity-android-gradle-configuration}

> To add gradle dependencies to your Unity project, first enable ["Custom Main Gradle Template"][unity-5] in your Publishing Settings. This will create a template gradle file that your project will use. A gradle file handles setting dependencies and other build-time project settings. You can view the Braze Unity sample app's [mainTemplate.gradle here][unity-6].

Reviewer: I think this link is missing.

Author: fixed

> To add gradle dependencies to your Unity project, first enable ["Custom Main Gradle Template"][unity-5] in your Publishing Settings. This will create a template gradle file that your project will use. A gradle file handles setting dependencies and other build-time project settings. You can view the Braze Unity sample app's [mainTemplate.gradle here][unity-6].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add gradle dependencies to your Unity project, first enable ["Custom Main Gradle Template"][unity-5] in your Publishing Settings. This will create a template gradle file that your project will use. A gradle file handles setting dependencies and other build-time project settings. For more information, check out the Braze Unity sample app's [mainTemplate.gradle][unity-6].
```

The following dependencies are required:

```groovy
implementation 'com.google.firebase:firebase-messaging:22.0.0'
implementation "androidx.swiperefreshlayout:swiperefreshlayout:1.1.0"
implementation "androidx.recyclerview:recyclerview:1.2.1"
implementation "org.jetbrains.kotlin:kotlin-stdlib:1.6.0"
implementation "org.jetbrains.kotlinx:kotlinx-coroutines-android:1.6.1"
implementation 'androidx.core:core:1.6.0'
```

> You may also set these dependencies via the [External Dependency Manager](https://github.com/googlesamples/unity-jar-resolver).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also set these dependencies using the [External Dependency Manager](https://github.com/googlesamples/unity-jar-resolver).
```

> You may also set these dependencies via the [External dependency manager for Unity](https://github.com/googlesamples/unity-jar-resolver).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also set these dependencies via the [External Dependency Manager](https://github.com/googlesamples/unity-jar-resolver).
```
